kenna security integration (#149)
Hacker0x01/docs.hackerone.com: docs/programs/kenna-security.md

---
title: "Kenna Security"
path: "/programs/kenna-security.html"
id: "programs/kenna-security"
---

You can export data from the HackerOne API and import it to the Kenna Security platform using the integration built between HackerOne and Kenna. You’ll need to set up a HackerOne connector in order to properly pull data.  

> > **Note:** This integration was built by Kenna Security, and isn’t provided through HackerOne.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This integration is built and maintained by Kenna Security, for questions please reach out to support@kennasecurity.com.
```

### Set up

To set up the HackerOne connector on the Kenna Security platform:
1. [Create an API token]( https://docs.hackerone.com/programs/api-tokens.html) on HackerOne.
2. Log in to your Kenna Security account
3. Click **Connectors**.  
4. Click **Add Connector**.

![kenna security 1](./images/kenna-security-1.png)

5. Select *HackerOne*.

![kenna security 2](./images/kenna-security-2.png)

6. Enter the API username and token that you created.

![kenna security 3](./images/kenna-security-3.png)

> 7. Click **Save And Verify**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Set the schedule to "daily", "weekly", or "monthly".
8. Click **Save And Verify**.
```

### How it works

> Once you’ve set up the HackerOne connector and configured the integration, you can pull data from HackerOne while maintaining the integrity of data. You’ll need valid credentials in order to pull data using the connector. When you delete the connector, all data imported by the connector will also be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you’ve set up the HackerOne connector and configured the integration, data will be automatically pulled from HackerOne using the schedule you configured. All reports in the "new" and "triaged" states will be imported in the Kenna Security platform as open issues. This integration will not push any updates made in the Kenna Security platform back to HackerOne. When you delete the connector, all data imported by the connector will also be deleted.
```
